what the fuck happened babe language
why were you out in the first place
none of this makes any sense
I told you already haram Gabe
get dumb on me
you know what you did don't play the victim here
go look in the mirror
don't fucking talk to my sister like that
don't talk to my best friend like that
what were you doing with my baby sister
did you sleep with her whoa
whoa whoa
of course not
nope nope
nope nah
nah never
I never said that
I was just waiting for the love of my life
to take it back alright
anyway uh
I'm gonna go back to um
to work so uh
call for us if you guys want anything
oh drinks on me
Jack you have to do something
you can't just let your fiance and her stupid friend
hurt me
babe could you
I didn't hurt her
in fact Katie started the fight
she hit Abby first
you should be thankful that I forgave her already
she's lying she's obviously lying
let's see what it does this time Jackass